and you and in addition to this I mean
this movie is gonna be a big deal
obviously you've also dammit I hope
that's one here you've also written a
book for kids yes
called every protease this is a I know
you're a competitive guy are you worried
about competing with the classic
children's books this holiday season
well we did debut in the New York Times
bestsellers list as number one right
[Applause]
because something to say to the other
children's book authors out there oh
really
yeah just a minute oh okay dr. Seuss I
see you and I'm coming for you green
eggs and ham good thing you're a doctor
because it's gonna be broken legs and
Jam might need your nugget back
that seems a little bit harsh you know
that man oh there anyone else you have a
problem or eise and about to Maurice
send you back for a full refund
that's one no I actually I wasn't I
wasn't keep try it again yeah you have
another book I do I do I do
okay hey Evie white you you really
messed me up man
what why Charlotte got a dime in his big
life and then dies why did they go there
you monster
John it's shut up man okay whatever
chill this book a grump but after
somebody died Bridge to Terabithia dear
friend love you forever dead mom oh the
old dead dog where the Red Fern Grows
two dead dogs up man it's kind of true I
never really thought of it that way
in every book somebody dies somebody is
killed no no no wait wait wait
yeah you're the one book that doesn't
kill anybody no you'd seen everybody hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet
I made it myself hit subscribe if you
liked it